Latest news: A magnitude 4.0 earthquake has hit this city
The river crossing under construction is severely damaged.
Fortunately, there are currently no casualties.
News from the manager's construction site
The bridge structure is severely deformed.
Suspected defects in the design
What to do?
Don't worry, I'll think of another way.
The manager couldn't solve it, we built half the bridge and all the piers collapsed.
The consequences are unimaginable, right?
People want to calm down.
Bow your head, why did you come?
I may have understood the drawing.
This design has a problem.
You see the load-bearing structure is missing.
There's a few more calculation errors.
Simply does not achieve the expected load against the side swaying position
It can only be rebuilt.
If not, it will cause a major accident.
How could he be like that?
This is a big thing about human life.
Who said the picture?
This is when you're on vacation.
Outside the general hall directly broadcast strong, we build.
I heard that the president's daughter is looking for a global civilization designer.
It seems to be called Guo Thanh Guo Thanh.
Why are you still here?
What's wrong?
There's a man named Guo Thanh.
He's stealing your creativity.
She won an international award, you know?
Yes, Guo Cheng stole my creativity.
I'm impressed.
You're welcome.
Just ignore him.
Now we need to come up with a construction plan.
Manager, I need you to aggregate all of this data.
I'll tell you before 6: 00.
Hey.
Oh.
It's been a busy night, so go and rest.
I'll take a look at the scene, Tu Quang.
You go to bed, too.
It's not too late to leave in the afternoon.
No, some places need to be reinforced as soon as possible.
I have to see it myself to be sure.
Manager, what is the origin of this word?
Change the entire design overnight.
That's great.
From this company.
But the president invited him.
What do you talk about at work?
Uh, I'm in charge here. You're Jiang Xin Nguyet, the daughter of Chairman Jiang.
During the President's absence
Assign Ms. Giang to manage everything of the company.
Holding the salary of Giang Vinh Group is talking here, right?
Not General Director Jiang, listen to me explain.
You two left work early yesterday.